and the EE rising star goes to mark
award
[Applause]
[Music]
while guys thank you for that reception
add something but it's all going to work
oh my days I just want to say thank you
first of all to God for making
everything possible
thank you to my dad because I know
you're watching down here Qaeda
protecting me on this journey I want to
say thank you to my mom for believing in
me and sacrificing everything for all of
us to be here and I can't come up here
and not say thank you to my team
Olivia Bell xenia Ali for introducing me
to the to the team Gavin for putting in
work on work daily to just find me more
and more opportunities man and I want to
say thank you to top way for changing my
life forever blue story you know like I
wouldn't be here without the nominee
without the movie man well the list can
go on but what I want to say is that the
people are watching at home that looking
at me now honestly laughs didn't have to
be this way man you have to see the
opportunities and just see a vision and
yeah man thank you guys
thank
[Music]
you